so today was going to be the day where
we heard about top gear and what the
future would hold for mr. jeremy power
Clarkson and some news has come out and
I want to talk about it today basically
because I got have a lot of questions on
Twitter and Instagram basically asking
what my opinions were for what has
happened so if you want to check out the
links in the description there's gonna
be a lot of references to a lot of
things I'm going to be talking about
today so if you want to do any further
reading I will link down below quite a
bit so anyways let's just talk about it
Jeremy Clarkson his contract was set to
expire at the end of this month or at
the end of next month with the BBC for
basically top here and BBC would usually
resign him and they would be making more
top here but that will not be happening
Jeremy Clarkson will not be re-signed
with top gear or the BBC and the show
will basically end sort of kinda we'll
talk about that in a little bit but it
sucks it sucks regardless of whether
you're on Team Jeremy Clarkson or Team
BBC whether you think was right to
basically get rid of him is up to you
what my opinion is you can't really go
around punching people you can't really
go around people regard touching people
regardless of who you are the BBC also
made some really really bad mistakes
they they're gonna lose out big time
they're gonna lose out so so much that
trio
Jeremy Clarkson Richard Hammond James
may that trio is just worth huge huge
amounts of amounts of money the BBC also
handled this whole thing really really
badly they took so long to actually say
anything all these rumors started coming
out Jimmy Savile thing we will get into
that this all should have been internal
the producer who Jeremy Clarkson punched
has been getting death threats and
that's also really really wrong so I I
don't know I don't know regardless of
whose side you're on it really sucks
there's not gonna be any more Top Gear
the way we had it before so what is Top
Gear's future in all of this
well episode 8 and episode 9 of this
current season were actually already
finished recording nothing in this
studio but all like the car reviews and
the big trips and stuff those were
finished a long time ago and the BBC has
said or told the top tier BBC the top
tier BBC guys have said hopefully
there's some way they're gonna get
making post those episodes somewhere and
basically get them out for people to
watch because that would be great
episode 10 I heard hasn't actually
finished recording so probably that will
just get tossed
so what's gonna happen with top gear in
the BBC I don't know Top Gear's come and
gone in the past I believe this is the
second or the third iteration of Top
Gear you can counted eyes top two your
adapts pop your adapts really really
well to what people want to see and when
people have asked for it so we'll top
your continue on the BBC probably for me
though I don't know if it will even be
called Top Gear
that that name Top Gear has become so
associated for me at least with those
three people that I think you even have
to change the name I don't know maybe
that's just me but Top Gear the BBC
they're gonna have some car shows to
probably most likely we probably won't
see anything for quite a while
but I I would assume that they will do
something car oriented on the BBC
because they have all Dunsfold they have
all this equipment and stuff and it's
just sort of sitting there now and
they're not making any money from it so
at some point in the future I expected
to see some sort of car program so that
leaves Jeremy Clarkson Richard Hammond
James May what's gonna happen with them
James is actually said he doesn't want
Clarkson to be replaced
whether that means he won't or he's
gonna leave talker or he wants to do it
just both of them that'd be kind of
weird but I expect all three to leave
all three are just gonna go and do
something for a year sort of get away
from all the media for maybe a year or
so and then there's been a lot of rumors
about Netflix picking up Jeremy Clark or
picking up the whole trio basically they
have the money to do this they have 50
million people signed up to their
service and it costs $8 a month so they
have they have the money they have the
money to do something like Top Gear they
have the money to get a track they have
the money to get all the equipment to
get those three people together
Netflix could definitely do something
like it they also have no advertisers it
like that so yeah Netflix and Top Gear
it probably won't be called Top Gear BC
probably owns all those names the Stig
they own the track everything like that
so there's gonna be a lot of changes
there's going to be a hell of a lot of
changes to what was Top Gear and what is
what the future holds for Top Gear I
don't really know but I expect us not to
hear anything for quite a while now I
don't know though those are just my
thoughts let me know your thoughts in
the comments below what do you think was
the BBC right and getting rid of him I
still don't really know I'm sort of
still on the fence about it whether they
should have got rid of him or not
the BBC's gonna lose out huge but at the
same time you can't go around punchy
people that's just wrong Top Gear's
probably gonna continue in some way
shape or form whether it be in the
completely same format or if it adapts
like a crazy amount and James may
Richard Hammond and mr. Jeremy power
Clarkson I don't really know what's
gonna happen with them either you're
probably gonna see them still producing
stuff they are still very creative
people and very funny people but
probably gonna do something so those are
my thought to leave your thoughts in the
comments down below and anyways guys I
will see you in the next one
[Music]